Singleton class means you can create only one object for the given class. You can create a singleton class by making its constructor as private, so that you can restrict the creation of the object. Provide a static method to get instance of the object, wherein you can handle the object creation inside the class only. In this example we are creating object by using static block.
Deadlock describes a situation where two or more threads are blocked forever, waiting for each other. Deadlocks can occur in Java when the synchronized keyword causes the executing thread to block while waiting to get the lock, associated with the specified object. Since the thread might already hold locks associated with other objects, two threads could each be waiting for the other to release a lock. In such case, they will end up waiting forever.
Write a program to reverse a string using recursive methods. You should not use any string reverse methods to do this.
Write a program to reverse a number using numeric operations. Below example shows how to reverse a number using numeric operations.
Write a program to convert decimal number to binary format using numeric operations. Below example shows how to convert decimal number to binary format using numeric operations.
A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper positive divisors, that is, the sum of its positive divisors excluding the number itself. Equivalently, a perfect number is a number that is half the sum of all of its positive divisors. The first perfect number is 6, because 1, 2 and 3 are its proper positive divisors, and 1 + 2 + 3 = 6. Equivalently, the number 6 is equal to half the sum of all its positive divisors: ( 1 + 2 + 3 + 6 ) / 2 = 6.
Write a program to find out duplicate or repeated characters in a string, and calculate the count of repeatation.
Write a program to find top two maximum numbers in the given array. You should not use any sorting functions. You should iterate the array only once. You should not use any kind of collections in java.
Sort or order a HashMap or TreeSet or any map item by value. Write a comparator which compares by value, not by key. Entry class might hleps you here.
Write a program to identify common elements or numbers between two given arrays. You should not use any inbuilt methods are list to find common values.